<?xml version="1.0" encoding="ISO-8859-1" ?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd">
<html xmlns:a="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"
      xmlns:h="http://xmlns.jcp.org/jsf/html"
      xmlns:f="http://xmlns.jcp.org/jsf/core"
      xmlns:p="http://primefaces.org/ui">
    <h:head>
        <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=ISO-8859-1" />
        <h:outputStylesheet library="css" name="default.css" />
        <title>Separator</title>
    </h:head>
    <h:body>
        <h4>General</h4>
        <p>This report lists 3-year average annual sales quantity of, and
            theoretical consumption of, selected spare parts based on sales in SAP
            and task list intervals. The report includes only machines reported as
            'In Production' in SAP, built at least 3 years ago, and calculates
            annual running hours from TecBase. The calculated results reflect the
            total of the active equipments on site, whereas the ratio Consumption
            over Potential can be seen as the average for the machines on site.</p>
        <p>The sales of spare parts is assigned to the final customer
            number in the Installed base if either the Sales record's Final
            customer number OR Ship-to-Party number matches with the final
            customer number in the Installed base.</p>
        <h4>Interpretation of the ratio Consumption over Potential</h4>
        <p>If '1.0', then the consumption of spare parts is in line with
            standard task list recommendation, if over '1.2' the consumption is
            somewhat too high and an equipment assessment on site could be next
            step. If under '0.8' the consumption is somewhat too low and
            promotional activities of e.g., optimization of maintenance systems
            and use of genuine parts to increase equipment availability could be
            directed to these customers. It can also be an indication of customers
            using 'pirate spare parts', or buying genuine parts from other
            channels than the local MC.</p>
        <p>Other reasons for 'outliers' could be wrong user status in SAP
            resulting in understated quantity of installed base, wrong reporting
            in SAP of IB size, wrong running hours, purchase patterns not matching
            real consumption of spare parts, and etc.</p>
        <h4>Useful links</h4>
        <a href="https://products.tetrapak.com/processingsolutions/KeyComponents/service/Pages/default.aspx">
            Product owner's homepage</a>
        <p></p>

        <f:view>
            <h:form>
                <h1>Separator analysis</h1>
                <h3>Query filters</h3>
                <p>CLUSTER: #{customerSetBean.selectedCluster}</p>
                <p>MARKET GROUP: #{customerSetBean.selectedMarketGroup}</p>
                <p>MARKET: #{customerSetBean.selectedMarket}</p>
                <p>CUSTOMER GROUP: #{customerSetBean.selectedCustGroup}</p>
                <p>CUSTOMER NUMBERS: #{customerSetBean.selectedIDsString} </p>                       
                <p>#{customerSetBean.selectedIDsString=="ALL CUSTOMER NUMBERS"? '' : 'CUSTOMER NAMES:'}
                    #{customerSetBean.selectedIDsString=="ALL CUSTOMER NUMBERS"? '' : customerSetBean.selectedCustNamesString}</p>

                <p></p>
                <h:graphicImage url="#{resource['images:separator.jpg']}"
                                alt="Separator pic" />
            </h:form>

            <h:form>
                <p></p>
                <h2>Service kits</h2>
                <p>Tetra Pak supplies four types of service kits for preventive
                    maintenance of separators: Intermediate service (IS), Major service
                    (MS), Operating water module service (OWMC) and Frame feet service
                    (FF).</p>
                <p>The kits include all parts that are to be replaced as part of
                    one or more service occasions, as described in the machine's
                    technical documentation.</p>
                <p>Each service kit has just one part number. This simplifies
                    your ordering and stock handling. Individual items will neither have
                    to be ordered, nor be logged or stored. In addition, the service
                    engineer's work will be simplified and the risk for human errors
                    minimized - all the right parts for the right separator are
                    available in one kit.</p>
                <p></p>
                <h:graphicImage url="#{resource['images:kits.jpg']}"
                                alt="Separator kits pic" />
                <p></p>
                <h4>A) Intermediate service kit (IS)</h4>
                <p>An intermediate service kit contains all seals and parts for
                    servicing inlet, outlet and the separator bowl.</p>
                <h4>B) Major service kit (MS)</h4>
                <p>A major service kit consists of all seals, gaskets, bearings
                    and other parts for servicing the bottom part of the machine. A
                    major service requires both MS-kit and IS-kit.</p>
                <h4>C) Operating water module service kit (OWMC)</h4>
                <p>An operating water module service kit contains all seals and
                    parts for the OWMC, ensuring good discharge function.</p>
                <h4>D) Foundation feet service kit (FF)</h4>
                <p>A foundation feet service kit contains the rubber parts for
                    changing when needed.</p>


                <p></p>
                <h:dataTable border="0"
                             value="#{separatorBean.kitFamilyMap.entrySet().toArray()}" var="map">
                    <h:column id="column1">
                        <f:facet name="header">
                            <h:outputText value="Spare part family    | "></h:outputText>
                        </f:facet>
                        <h:outputText value="#{map.key}"></h:outputText>
                    </h:column>
                    <h:column id="column2">
                        <f:facet name="header">
                            <h:outputText value="Potential | "></h:outputText>
                        </f:facet>
                        <h:outputText value="#{map.value.get(0)}"></h:outputText>
                    </h:column>
                    <h:column id="column3">
                        <f:facet name="header">
                            <h:outputText value="Consumption | "></h:outputText>
                        </f:facet>
                        <h:outputText value="#{map.value.get(1)}"></h:outputText>
                    </h:column>
                    <h:column id="column4">
                        <f:facet name="header">
                            <h:outputText value="Ratio"></h:outputText>
                        </f:facet>
                        <h:outputText value="#{map.value.get(2)}"></h:outputText>
                    </h:column>
                </h:dataTable>
            </h:form>

            <p></p>
            <h2>New selections</h2>
            <p></p>

            <h:form>
                <h:panelGrid columns="1" cellpadding="5"> 
                    <p:button id="newCalculation" 
                              value="KeyComponent"
                              outcome="calculate"
                              style="width:150px"
                              icon="ui-icon-star">
                    </p:button>

                    <p:button id="newCustomer" 
                              value="Customer" 
                              outcome="index"
                              style="width:150px"
                              icon="ui-icon-star">
                    </p:button>
                </h:panelGrid>
            </h:form>

        </f:view>
    </h:body>
</html>